Bad guys got tricked
Wrong, I just got out of jail anyway
Also need a job
The position of the master of Kun people
Are you okay?
What is a marriage harvest?
Our new relationship is so good
Master didn't force me either
It should be possible not to travel
Who are you?
Where is Zhiling?
The person who saves you
If you want to repay your kindness
Just prepare an investment banquet for Jiang Chun's Hu marriage
Just think of it as my healing type
Sister, three words
You said your company can't take the land either
There's not much money in the account
You can't develop it if you sit down.
Yes, Xiner
There is too little land available now
The company has come this far
You can exit at this time and have some money left on your hands
Mr. Qin just cured your vegetative body, which is called forestry.
He is a native of Jiangcheng
Married three years ago
Rain of economic crime
He has a wife
Run a new type of real estate
However, it has been poorly managed
Due to the long-term lack of land
It's going out of business soon, how is that possible?
These eleven actually passed by luck
Forget it, he is kind to me after all
Prepare an investment banquet in three days
Give home the best land in the east of the city
Okay
That land has a protected animal ecosuit
Unable to develop
Our Gu family is willing to go to the Hu family to solve the problem.
Building first construction team
Dingsheng Group is our subsidiary
We're willing to let them stop at 10 billion projects
Assist the Hu family in developing land
Our family is just a financial oligarch
State Council funds 5 billion help develop